feat(replay): Replay canvas troubleshooting docs (#9559)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/troubleshooting.mdx

Canvas is supported in SDK versions >= `7.98.0`. Please see the <PlatformLink to="/session-replay/#canvas-recording">canvas setup documention</PlatformLink> to get started with canvas recordings.

> ## My `canvas` has been tainted

Reviewer: I don't think users will know what "tainted" means in this context - I think we should move this paragraph into the above section because it will look like canvas is not being captured.

We should say something like, If you are on a supported SDK version and your canvas elements still aren't being captured, check if you have images or videos inside of your canvas that are loaded from foreign origins. You may also see a `SecurityError` being thrown when trying to use the replay canvas integration. ...

> Set `crossorigin="anonymous"` on your images. This will allow images that are loaded from foreign origins to be used in `canvas` as if they have been loaded from the current origin. See the [CORS documention](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/CORS_enabled_image) for more information about this error.

Reviewer: Maybe link directly to the `Security and tainted canvases` header https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/CORS_enabled_image#security_and_tainted_canvases

Canvas is supported in SDK versions >= `7.98.0`. Please see the <PlatformLink to="/session-replay/#canvas-recording">canvas setup documention</PlatformLink> to get started with canvas recordings.

> If you are on a supported SDK version and your `canvas` elements still aren't getting captured, check if you have images or videos loaded from foreign origins inside your `canvas`. Additionally, check for a `SecurityError` being thrown when trying to use the replay canvas integration. If these apply, set `crossorigin="anonymous"` to your images or videos. This will allow images that are loaded from foreign origins to be used in `canvas` as if they have been loaded from the current origin. See the [CORS documention](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/CORS_enabled_image#security_and_tainted_canvases) for more information about this.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are on a supported SDK version and your `canvas` elements still aren't getting captured, check if you have images or videos loaded from foreign origins inside your `canvas`. Any data loaded from an origin without CORS approval is not considered secure and will throw a `SecurityError` when trying to use the replay canvas integration. To fix this issue, set `crossorigin="anonymous"` to your images or videos. This will allow images that are loaded from foreign origins to be used in `canvas` as if they have been loaded from the current origin. See the [CORS documention](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/CORS_enabled_image#security_and_tainted_canvases) for more information about cross-origin access.

```
